fix: [IDP]: Fixed issues with catalog scripts docs (#7583)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/catalog/catalog-scripts.md

```sh
python3 idp-catalog-wizard-github.py --register-yamls --org org_name --x_api_key your_x_api_key --account your_account

```

- `org` : Github Org name
- `x_api_key`: Refer https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/automation/api/api-quickstart/#create-a-harness-api-key-and-token to generate one

> - -`account` : This is your harrness-account id. Ex - `https://app.harness.io/ng/account/{Your account}/module/idp/overview`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- -`account` : This is your Harness Account ID. You can get it from the URL e.g. - `https://app.harness.io/ng/account/{Your account}/module/idp/overview`
```

**Create YAML files for repositories in the organization "example-org" with the provided token (all given args in command below are required)**

:::info

Bitbucket `username` isn't same as your email address, rather follow this [docs](https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Bitbucket-questions/HOW-TO-FIND-MY-BIT-BUCKET-USERNAME/qaq-p/1081960), to find your username. 

:::

```sh
python3 idp-catalog-wizard-bitbucket.py --create-yamls --username bitbucket_username \ 
--workspace WORKSPACE NAME: Bitbucket workspace name \
--password APP_PASSWORD: Bitbucket app password \
--project_key PROJECT_KEY: (OPTIONAL) Bitbucket project key \

> --repo-pattern REPO_PATTERN: (OPTIONAL) Your repo pattern \

Reviewer: I liked the older format where there is a single line to copy and edit.

And then at the bottom we explain all the inputs in details.

In the current format, there's a lot of text to remove on the terminal after pasting. :)

#### Register YAML files using X-API-Key and account name (all given args in command below are required)

```sh

> python3 idp-catalog-wizard-bitbucket.py --register-yamls \

Reviewer: Same comment as above. Single line to copy and then input flag details at the bottom.
